Abstract
========
Within in industry, novel endeavors typically spans across disciplines, domains, and parallel activation paths merging modules to bypass previous technological bottlenecks and limitations. The fusion of these technologies introduce intermodal interfaces, yielding convoluted state dependency chains and time series activation paths. For a user single request, our modern systems can decompose and generate larges sets of micro operations yielding large amounts of meta data known as telemetry. Historically, our engineers could manage telemetry these data sets for a kilo bytes of telemetry data and as we approach giga bit; it has become an unwieldy big data challenge.

To ease the decomposition and analysis of our big data, ours teams brainstormed requirements to automation data management within the source code so our experts can focus Technological and Strategic Long Range Planning (TSLRP). As a consequence of collaboration, we developed ubiquitous standards to identify/extract firmware, hardware, software, and system aggregations in developer's native programming languages to minimize the disruption product pipelines. Using the native languages as input sources, we utilized compiler intermediate representations to transform  across languages such that we could use object-oriented inheritance to construct a unsupervised labeling, relational, and data structure management model we call "data control".

Our data control model enables, stochastic (machine learning) and deterministic (formal) methods. Stochastic methods include machine learning, such as deep neural networks, reinforcement learning, genetic algorithms, Bayesian networks, and others. Deterministic methods include formal methods, such as formal verifiers, spatial and temporal logics, formal program synthesizers, and more. The fusion of these method is known as "Machine Programming" and is targeted to facilitate organizational scaling. Our Telemetry and Machine Programming fusion has yielded a tool set known as Rapid Automated Analysis for Developers  (RAAD). RAAD's venture is foremost to advance technical collaboration with our customers in an unprecedented manner, and is key in enabling the next generation of client devices and data centers.
